Truman's World?
It turns out that I have lived in someone else's life
In a woven story
I see you've lost the will to resist
It's exactly the same as before
Even if it's you from the academy
You still can't support the wall
Then who say no?
I've already been defeated once
The injury is not healed
I'm going to pick up girls right away
I really know everything
It seems
Hurt my east someone
It's a god schoolbag.
How do you know that?
It's time for candy
White Rabbit Toffee
Hmm, Master Shan
OK
Just a white rabbit toffee
It's because of your doubts about me
Don't you always say I look like a fool?
Fools are short of money, aren't they?
So
Who are you?
When you hit me
It smells like white rabbit toffee
When you leave
It's also a white rabbit toffee in your mouth, right?
That's it. There's more.